In the first century or so of human spaceflight, the leading scientific
and engineering minds of the day grappled with what they called "the
tyranny of the rocket equation", which described the exponential increase
in weight required to lift ever-heavier craft into orbit.

By the middle of the 22nd century, however, the creation of stable fusion
reactors dramatically changed the mathematics of fuel-mass to energy
output, and a second space age was born.

The moon, the inner solar system, and finally the rocks and satellites of
the outer solar system were colonized and industrialized. A universe that had
been shruk by jet-travel and networked computer systems expanded again,
dramatically.

Out in the depths of space, some found their fortune. Others, a new home.
For a few, it meant peace and quiet, or just a place to lay low. 
Political systems grew and adapted, societies fragmented and sythensized,
and within a few generations everything had changed.

But human life remains bounded by two irreversable physical laws: the
first is the speed of light, which may be approached, but never
surpassed. The second is the pull of gravity, from which there is no
escape.

Forced by nature to cut long, graceful curves over the surface of the
cosmos, all space-ship captains know that one number is binding, one
number answers the question "can I reach my destination?" This second
tyranny is known as "delta-v" (Î”v).


Setting
=======

The year is 2192. The heaving metropolis of civilization is Earth and her
lunar and lagrangian colonies. On Mars, the "second homeworld", the polar
cities thrive, and many eke out harder, but sometimes very lucrative,
existences in the sub-tropical and equatorial regions.

But there are many people who avoid the homeworlds, either because they
are scientists on long expeditions to the Kuiper belt, or for other more
esoteric reasons. After all, every empire has its backwaters.

... some bullshit political conflict ...

Your ship
---------

FLAG: International Space Colonization Authority (ISCA)
TYPE: *Edmund Haley*-class long-range patrol corvette

REGISTRY: FR-2161
NAME: Daedalus
HOME PORT: ISCA Command (New Berlin)

LAUNCHED: April 14, 2192 (Earth Standard Time)


